Argentina and France did not undermine
same players who had won
comfortably in the first round the
eliminatory was in Buenos Aires and
Argentina host country expected
qualify for the semifinals by
fourth consecutive year jo wilfriend
tsonga had a complicated appointment with the
rubbery Carlos Berlocq in the match
initial game and third set france
France had never lost a
eliminatory against argentina and tsonga
He rallied after giving up the first set and
he scored the next two but berlocq
carried around by an audience
passionate prolonged the party
exhibiting a very daring tennis
however tsonga gave the first point to
visitors in the first series that
the two countries enjoyed in South America
since 1982
the second encounter faced Juan
Monaco and Gilles Simon in which was his
sixth direct confrontation the
Argentine took the first set in the
Tie-break 2 after wasting one
4-1 advantage
Juan Monaco played his best tennis of the
season to balance the score in
two and a half hours of play
the French julien benneteau and michaël
it will cry they had lost the only two
matches they had played together without
land but surprised the locals
in the initial set
however david nalbandian and horacio
zeballos an undefeated couple before
this series forced the tie break in the
second set after nobody succeeded
the break
and finally they ended up taking it
in the third set the Argentines
they came back 5-2 to finish
adjudicating it and took advantage of
winning inertia to take the room
putting in your pocket 11 of the
last 14 games other now number 3
from the world david nalbandian lived one day
more than glory getting the winning point
for a local fan that was bursting
joy
the world number 8 i wilfred tsonga
he had beaten juan monaco in his two
previous clashes on land and
broke the service of the Argentine in his
first opportunity to acquire a
sufficient advantage to take the
first set
tsonga needed to win to force the
fifth game and the French broke two
times in the second set to increase the
advantage game and second set france 63
the French had no mercy on Monaco in
the third set and he took it so
forceful by 6 to 0 to bring the
eliminatory to an exciting fifth
match
Carlos see what the man who took
tsonga to the five sets in the match
initial had the task of defeating
gilles simon to ensure the first
victory of the Argentines over the
French in the competition
Simon took the second set to
balance the score but gripped
by the nerves as he himself recognized
was overwhelmed by a berlocq
continually cheered by the fans
be rock ended up taking in the third
sleeve
the Argentine squandered the opportunity
to end the game with his service
but he got the point
definitive victory with a new
break the Argentines defeated the
9 times champions and continue their fight
for his first title of the Davis Cup